Initial (#1)
Drupi/notifications-proxy: README.md

# notifications-proxy

> This small project allows You to pass the notitifcations form terraform cloud to discord channel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This small project allows You to pass notifications from terraform cloud to discord channel. 
```
